Statista approach

Video 1:

Present Statement
Title, responsibilities & projects
- Hint responsibilities with the role I am applying for
- Transferrable skills to this position

65000 EUR annually

Key Points to note:
- Why are you interested?
	- things that are familiar in JD, research about the company
- Why are you qualified?
	- I did X at that company Y it resulted in Z, which is why that makes me a good fit
- Tell me about yourself - give relevant skills about the position
- study the company

Tips:
- Quiet place
- Indoors

Video 2:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niOj6Ag_x1U

- Highlight relevant skills in the elevator pitch
- stories about your experiences beforehand
- DONT LIE
- ask questions that you really care about

----------------------------------------------
JOB DESCRIPTION

At **Statista**, we’re all about facts and data, for we are the world's leading business data platform. By providing reliable and easy-to-use data as well as various **data analytics products and services**, we empower people worldwide to make fact-based decisions.

Founded in Hamburg in 2007, we have quickly grown into a global company with offices in major cities such as London, New York, Berlin and Tokyo. And we still have a lot of plans. Our constant growth does not only prove our success, but also keeps creating new development and career opportunities for our employees.

We value and celebrate our diverse culture. You are welcome here for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or whether you prefer bar graphs to pie charts. Your story matters – keep writing it as part of our team.

Are you ready to join us?

**Tasks**

- You play a crucial role in implementing user interfaces to create a seamless user experience.
    
- You work closely together with your team of fellow developers, product manager and QA engineer in an agile environment.
    
- You write well-structured, maintainable code using modern frontend technologies (HTML5, CSS/SCSS, JavaScript/TypeScript).
    
- You work on maintaining and optimizing the existing frontend codebase, ensuring it meets performance and scalability standards.
    
- You live the complete software lifecycle: software design, development, code reviews, deployment, ensure quality and maintainability.
    

**Requirements**

- 3+ of experience in frontend development
    
- Proficiency in HTML5, CSS/SCSS, JavaScript/TypeScript and modern frontend frameworks (esp. React and Remix)
    
- Strong understanding of responsive web design, cross-browser compatibility and accessibility
    
- You show creativity to solve problems, open to learn new technologies and you are eager to shape the future frontend tech-stack
    
- You are a team player, self-driven and come with a constructive “can do” attitude
    
- You are fluent in English (written + spoken)
    

**The team**

At Statista Tech, our mission is to to harness the possibilities of modern technology to bring Statista’s data assets to the fingertips of our customers around the globe as conveniently and reliably as possible. Internally, we provide a productive digital workplace environment at Statista globally.

**What we offer**

In addition to our great team, culture, and our shared goal of empowering people with data, there are many other things that make Statista a great place to work! Join us and benefit from:

- Work from abroad 10 days a year (up to 30 if your family lives abroad)
    
- Hybrid work and flex-time
    
- International team and social events
    
- Career & training opportunities
    
- Attractive locations and modern offices
    
- Mental health support with OpenUp
    

_Some of the benefits listed here apply only to the German entity and to Junior-level roles or above._